You let me go
You lied to me.
You are all lying to me
Shen Guiying is your biological mother
And I took his place.
And almost got him killed
You hate me so much?
How could you possibly recognize me as a mother?
Going up the mountain I'm going crazy
Let go of my daughter
You let him go
Like a helmet
You love your daughter so much
You could have risked your life for him, right?
Well, then I'll let you never find him.
You won't let me go anyway
Even if you die, you have to pull this back
Zhao Xiangru
I would rather be killed by your mother and your brother
Vicious woman
To hell with it.
Mom
Call an ambulance
It's my fault
If it wasn't for saving me, how could you?
Silly boy
Even if my mother risked her life
I want to protect you too.
Mom, I'm sorry.
These 20 years
I look for you again and again
Fantasy to reunite with you again and again
I'm blind
Didn't recognize you earlier
Mom, hold on
The ambulance will be here soon
Mom mom mom
Hahaha